Adds resource revisions to applications. (#427)
juju/terraform-provider-juju: docs/resources/application.md

- `expose` (Block List) Makes an application publicly available over the network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--expose))
- `name` (String) A custom name for the application deployment. If empty, uses the charm's name.
- `placement` (String) Specify the target location for the application's units
- `resources` (Map of Number) Charm resource revisions. Must evaluate to an integer.

	There are a few scenarios that need to be considered:
	* If the plan does not specify resource revision and resources are added to the plan,
	resources with specified revisions will be attached to the application (equivalent
	to juju attach-resource).
	* If the plan does specify resource revisions and:

> 		* If the charm revision or channel is updated, then resources get updated to the 
> 		  latest revision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		* If the charm revision or channel is updated, then resources do NOT get updated to the 
		  latest revision.
```

> 		* If the charm revision or channel are not updated, then no changes will take 
> 		  place (juju does not have an "un-attach" command for resources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* If you remove resource revisions from a plan, they will not be removed from the application. (juju does not have an "un-attach" command for resources).
```
